after more than 3 weeks of negotiations
Brazilian president Lis nasu Lula Silva
celebrated a small but significant
victory in the midst of
War 32 Brazilian Palestinians rescued
from Gaza safely home among them
18-year-old Shahed
albana I cannot believe I made it here
and I'm still alive I thought I would
die
since the war started shahad has been
recording her attempts to leave the war
zone she had gone to Gaza with her
mother who was diagnosed with cancer and
wanted to see her family one last time
after her mother died Shahed was getting
ready to return to Brazil when the war
broke out she posted a video on the day
she was told she could finally
leave it's 8 hours 14 minutes we're at
the the Border they will start calling
our names Hassan Habi a shopkeeper from
s Paulo who had taken his wife and
children to meet his mother in Gaza was
also trapped when the war started he
documented his children on a beach in
Egypt after spending more than a month
terrified in temporary shelters under
constant Israeli
bombardment look how happy they are
after spending 35 days in
hiding more than half of the group are
children two of them suffering from
malnutrition have been
hospitalized president Lula has
condemned the indiscriminate violence
against
civilians I have never seen such brutal
inhumane violence against Innocents if
Hamas committed an act of terrorism
Israel is committing several not taking
into account that children are not at
War Hassan thanked president Lula for
his efforts the group will spend two
nights in Brazilia for medical checkups
and to sort out their documents those
who have homes in Brazil will return to
them the others will be taken to a
refugee Center in the state of s Paulo
Monica yanak Al jazer
rero make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer